6715 improve documentation for dbt clean options (#6716)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/commands/clean.md

id: "clean"
---

> `dbt clean` is a utility function that deletes the paths specified within the [`clean-targets`](/reference/project-configs/clean-targets) section of the `dbt_project.yml` file. It helps to remove any unnecessary files or directories generated during the execution of other DBT commands, ensuring a clean state for the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`dbt clean` is a utility function that deletes the paths specified within the [`clean-targets`](/reference/project-configs/clean-targets) list in the `dbt_project.yml` file. It helps by removing unnecessary files or directories generated during the execution of other dbt commands, ensuring a clean state for the project.
```

> **Usage**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example usage
```

```
dbt clean
```

## Supported flags
### --clean-project-files-only (default)

> Deletes all the paths within the project directory that are specified in the `clean-targets` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deletes all the paths within the project directory specified in `clean-targets`.
```

> > **NOTE:** If the `clean-targets` section contains paths outside the DBT project, this command will lead to a _Runtime Error_ to indicate the same.

Reviewer: Using our typical note and suggest focusing on what one needs to do to avoid an error.
```suggestion
:::note
Avoid using paths outside the dbt project; otherwise, you will see an error.
:::
  
```

> **Usage:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Example usage
```

```
$ dbt clean --clean-project-files-only
```

### --no-clean-project-files-only

> Deletes all the paths specified in the `clean-targets` section of `dbt_project.yml`, including those outside the current DBT project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deletes all the paths specified in the `clean-targets` list of `dbt_project.yml`, including those outside the current dbt project.
```

```
$ dbt clean --no-clean-project-files-only
```

## dbt clean with remote file system

> To avoid complex permissions issues and potentially deleting crucial aspects of the remote file system without access to fix them, this command does not work when interfacing with the RPC server that powers the DBT Cloud IDE. Instead, when working in DBT Cloud, the `dbt deps` command cleans before it installs packages automatically. The `target` folder can be manually deleted from the sidebar file tree if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid complex permissions issues and potentially deleting crucial aspects of the remote file system without access to fix them, this command does not work when interfacing with the RPC server that powers the dbt Cloud IDE. Instead, when working in dbt Cloud, the `dbt deps` command cleans before it installs packages automatically. The `target` folder can be manually deleted from the sidebar file tree if needed.
```

id: "clean"
---

`dbt clean` is a utility function that deletes the paths specified within the [`clean-targets`](/reference/project-configs/clean-targets) list in the `dbt_project.yml` file. It helps by removing unnecessary files or directories generated during the execution of other dbt commands, ensuring a clean state for the project.

## Example usage
```
dbt clean
```

## Supported flags
### --clean-project-files-only (default)
Deletes all the paths within the project directory specified in `clean-targets`.

> :::note

Reviewer 2: Some changes here were done by @runleonarun 
https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/pull/6716/commits/934a1fb93e74bbcd6aaeeafa0465496ed99c7960
